docs: add cloudflare documentation deployment website (#1285)
Fission-AI/OpenSpec: docs/team-workflow.md

# OpenSpec on a Team

Everything in the other guides works the same whether you're solo or on a team of twenty. What changes on a team is the questions around the edges: where do the specs live, how do teammates review a plan, and how does any of this fit the pull-request flow we already have?

The short answer: a change is just files, and OpenSpec never touches git. So it fits your existing workflow instead of replacing it. This page spells out the conventions that work well.

## One rule: OpenSpec doesn't touch git

> OpenSpec reads and writes plain Markdown under `openspec/`. It never commits, branches, pushes, or pulls — same as it never does for a [store](stores-beta/user-guide.md). That means:

Reviewer: **[fix] Slight overstatement: `openspec store create` *does* commit by default.**

Store creation runs `git init` plus an initial commit (`src/commands/store.ts` `--init-git`, default on; `src/core/store/git.ts` describes “setup-time `git init` plus one initial commit” as the entire write surface). The stores guide is deliberately narrower (“never clones, syncs, or pushes anything on its own”) — it omits “commits” for exactly this reason.

```suggestion
OpenSpec reads and writes plain Markdown under `openspec/`. It never commits, branches, pushes, or pulls in your project — and it never clones or syncs a [store](stores-beta/user-guide.md) on its own. That means:
```
